Update direct-routing-monitor-and-troubleshoot.md (#2640)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-monitor-and-troubleshoot.md

When a user makes a call to number +1 425 \<any seven digits>, Direct Routing evaluates the route. There are two SBCs in the route: sbc1.contoso.com and sbc2.contoso.com. Both SBCs have equal priority in the route. Before picking an SBC, the routing mechanism evaluates the health of the SBCs based on when the SBC sent the SIP options last time. 

An SBC is considered healthy if statistics at the moment of sending the call shows that the SBC sends Options every minute.  

> When a call made the following logic applies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a call is made, the following logic applies. 
```

- The SBC was paired at 11.00 AM.  
- The SBC sends options at 11.01 AM, 11.02 AM, and so on.  
- At 11.15, a user makes a call and the routing mechanism selects this SBC. 

> Direct Routing takes three times of regular interval option (regular interval is one minute). If options were send in last three minutes, the SBC considered healthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct Routing takes the regular interval options three times (the regular interval is one minute). If options were send during the last three minutes, the SBC is considered healthy.
```

> Direct Routing takes the regular interval options three times (the regular interval is one minute). If options were send during the last three minutes, the SBC is considered healthy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Direct Routing takes the regular interval options three times (the regular interval is one minute). If options were sent during the last three minutes, the SBC is considered healthy.
```

> If the SBC in our example sent options at any period between 11.12 AM and 11.15 AM (the time the call was made), it is considered healthy. If not, the SBC will be demoted from the route. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the SBC in the example sent options at any period between 11.12 AM and 11.15 AM (the time the call was made), it is considered healthy. If not, the SBC will be demoted from the route. 
```
